Silk Screen Shirts, Inc.
Plan Number: 5-30408
Retirement Plan Fee Summary
As of: 09/18/2022
This fee summary is provided in compliance with section 408(b)(2) of the Employee Retirement Income Security
Act (ERISA).
Your Plan Pricing is Based on:
Current Assets $474,871
Annual Deposits $44,028
Average Participant Account Balance’ $39,573
Current Participants with Account Balance 12
Terminated Participants with Account Balance 2
Fee Paid by Plan Sponsor | $3,200.00
Fee Paid by Participants | 0.17%
These Fees are reviewed annually based on the characteristics of the plan at that
point in time.
Also see Annual Fee Calculation Summary for details on the calculation of the Fees
listed above.
There are no additional Fees from any member company of the Principal Financial
Group® for this service package.
See Investment options and Participant Transactions for more details.
PCRP DC - R3 Choice MFN
Plan Number: 5-30408
Date generated: 09/18/2022
page 1 of 11Silk Screen Shirts, Inc.
Investment options
The investment options below have fees deducted prior to calculating the published return. These fees make up the
Total Investment Expense Net. A portion of the Total Investment Expense Net may be retained by the Investment
Provider as revenue to help cover the cost of providing professional investment management and the cost of
marketing the investment option. The Investment Provider may also pay a portion to the plan Recordkeeper as
revenue sharing to help cover the cost of the plan's recordkeeping and service package. The chart below details the
amount of revenue retained by the Investment Provider and paid to the Recordkeeper for each investment
option.
Investment Options
Revenue
Retained by Revenue Total
Current Investment Sharing to Investment
Inv Manager or Sub-Advisor Investment Option Assets Provider? + Record-keeper+ Expense Net*
Morley Capital Management Principal Stable Value Signature [$31,636 0.32% + 0.72% = 1.04%
Fund
Multiple Sub-Advisors Principal LifeTime Hybrid Income |$615 0.29% + 0.85% = 1.14%
CIT Z85
Multiple Sub-Advisors Principal LifeTime Hybrid 2015 |$0 0.29% + 0.85% = 1.14%
CIT Z85
Multiple Sub-Advisors Principal LifeTime Hybrid 2025 |$11,500 0.29% + 0.85% = 1.14%
CIT Z85
Multiple Sub-Advisors Principal LifeTime Hybrid 2030 |$14,412 0.29% + 0.85% = 1.14%
CIT Z85
Multiple Sub-Advisors Principal LifeTime Hybrid 2035 |$28,766 0.29% + 0.85% = 1.14%
CIT Z85
Multiple Sub-Advisors Principal LifeTime Hybrid 2040 [$331,205 0.29% + 0.85% = 1.14%
CIT Z85
Multiple Sub-Advisors Principal LifeTime Hybrid 2045 |$12,416 0.29% + 0.85% = 1.14%
CIT Z85
Multiple Sub-Advisors Principal LifeTime Hybrid 2050 /|$39,156 0.29% + 0.85% = 1.14%
CIT Z85
Principal Real Estate Inv Principal Real Estate Securities [$5,164 0.67% + 0.84% = 1.51%
Separate Account-R3
$474,871
Total Expected Fees paid through investment options:> 0.30% + 0.84% = 1.14%
PCRP DC - R3 Choice MFN
Plan Number: 5-30408
Date generated: 09/18/2022
pag2 oef 11Silk Screen Shirts, Inc.
Annual fee collection summary
Annual Fees Calculated as a Dollar Amount
Annual Plan Administrative Fee $3,300.00
Custodial Services $300.00
Applies when utilizing Principal Advantage (mutual funds), Mutual Fund
Network or Principal Fixed Income Guaranteed Option (PFIGO).
Safe Harbor Fee Reduction -$400.00
Total Annual Fees Calculated as a Dollar Amount $3,200.00
You have elected to bill these Annual Fees. They are included in the Fees Paid by Plan Sponsor.
Annual Fees Calculated as a Percentage of Plan Assets
Available Fee Fee Adjustments
Adjustments Applied Fees
Annual Services Fee — — 0.25%
Sub-advised Options (100%)® -0.10% v -0.10%
Wilshire's 3(21) Auto Execute Fiduciary Service 0.02% v 0.02%
Annual Fees — — 0.17%
You have elected to net these Annual Fees. They are included in the Fees Paid by Participants.
Consider the power of plan design’
Helping participants get on track can be easier with best practice plan design features — automatic enrollment
with at least 6 percent elective deferral default, automatic escalation of at least 1 percent per year, automatic
sweep of all eligible employees deferring less than the automatic enrollment default into the plan at least on
time, and the Salary Deferral Service.
Here are some of the benefits you could see after adopting these plan design features:
e Increased employee retention
e More employees on track for retirement
e Decreased health care expenses®
e Highly compensated employees may contribute more to the plan
e More favorable nondiscrimination testing results
PCRP DC - R3 Choice MFN
Plan Number: 5-30408
Date generated: 09/18/2022
page 3 of 11Silk Screen Shirts, Inc.
Annual services fee
The Annual Services Fee described on the previous page is determined annually based on the characteristics of
your plan. To calculate your Annual Services Fee, find your Total Plan Assets? and Average Participant
Account balance on the chart below.
Annual Services Fee
Average Participant Account Balance
Less than $10,000 to | $20,000to | $30,000to | $50,000to | $75,000 or
Total Plan Assets $10,000 $19,999 $29,999 $49,999 $74,999 more
Up to $99,999 1.50% 1.50% 1.50% 1.50% 1.45% 1.40%
$100,000 to $199,999 | 1.25% 1.15% 1.10% 1.10% 1.05% 1.05%
$200,000 to $349,999 | 1.15% 0.95% 0.90% 0.90% 0.85% 0.80%
$350,000 to $499,999 | 0.95% 0.40% 0.25% 0.25% 0.15% 0.10%
$500,000 to $749,999 | 0.85% 0.35% 0.20% 0.15% 0.10% 0.05%
$750,000 to $999,999 | 0.75% 0.30% 0.10% 0.10% 0.05% 0.00%
Above $1,000,000 Individually priced, contact your representative of the Principal®
PCRP DC - R3 Choice MFN
Plan Number: 5-30408
Date generated: 09/18/2022
pag4 oef 11Silk Screen Shirts, Inc.
Participant Transaction Fees
Cost in dollars
Loan Origination Fee $75.00
Loan Maintenance Fee ($12.00 deducted quarterly) $48.00
Qualified Domestic Relations Order (QDRO) Processing Fee (per event) $350.00
Distribution Fee $50.00
The list above includes the most common Participant Transaction Fees.
Participant Transaction Fees are deducted from Participant Accounts or billed at the time the Service is
performed.
PCRP DC - R3 Choice MFN
Plan Number: 5-30408
Date generated: 09/18/2022
page 5 of 11Silk Screen Shirts, Inc.
Important information
e This Fee Summary is based on the following information:
— This isa401(k) plan with a Safe Harbor plan design.
— Billed fees are collected quarterly.
— Netted fees will be collected monthly from participant accounts.
— Annual Fees may be billed or netted from rate of investment return as directed by an appropriate plan fiduciary.
— Annual Fees calculated as a dollar amount may be more or less than stated dollar amount if netted. These are
converted to basis points by dividing the total dollars by Total Plan Assets.
— Annual Fees calculated as a percentage of assets may be more or less than if netted when plan sponsor elects to bill
these fees. This is converted to a dollar amount by multiplying the basis points by Total Plan Assets.
— Standard investment options include: A Conservative Fixed Income option + Lifecycle Investment option + 30 additional
investment options. Any options beyond these will incur a fee of $250 per investment option.
— The annual fee charged for the Wilshire® 3(21) plus Automatic Execution Fiduciary Service is 0.02% of
retirement plan assets under management. The annual fee is calculated using retirement plan assets record
kept by Principal Life Insurance Company but excluding assets in employer securities, and assets in other
investment options that are not part of the Investment Options Universe reviewed by Wilshire as part of the
Service. Of this amount, Wilshire will be paid 0.01% for the services outlined in the ERISA 3(21)Service or plus
Automatic Execution Services for Defined Contribution Plans and Defined Benefit Plans - Fiduciary Service
Agreement and Principal Life Insurance Company will be paid the remainder to cover costs related to
administration of the service. The amount that Principal Life Insurance Company receives has an annual
maximum of $2,000. The fee will be collected from all retirement plan assets record kept by Principal Life
including employer securities and other assets not reviewed by Wilshire. More information on the Wilshire
3(21) plus Automatic Execution Fiduciary Service is outlined in the ERISA 3(27)Service or plus Automatic
Execution Services for Defined Contribution Plans and Defined Benefit Plans - Fiduciary Service Agreement
preceded or accompanied with this Fee Summary.
e Principal® charges most Investment Providers an annual Principal® Platform Connectivity Program (Program) Fee for
investment options on our platform. If an Investment Provider chooses not to participate in the Program, your Plan may be
charged an annual Program Fee of $1,000 to be included as part of your Principal Recordkeeping Fee. Please contact
Principal for information on how the Program Fee is paid for any investment options you are considering for your Plan.
Specifics on the Program Fee will be set out in your Confirmation of Investment Options (COIO) Letter.
e Deposit Year End Date: 12/31/2023
e This Fee Summary Principal Life Insurance Company (Principal Life), a member company of The Principal, is submitting for
your consideration is based on information concerning your plan submitted to The Principal by your representative. This
Fee Summary reflects specific rate level / share class(s) that you and your representative decided upon. You should
consider whether the rate level / share classes(s) illustrated is most appropriate for you.
e Capitalized terms not defined in this Fee Summary have the same meaning assigned to them under other applicable
agreements or contracts.
e Plan Sponsor maintains beneficiary records.
e Quarterly participant statements will be available electronically. Participants may elect to receive paper statements. Plan
sponsors can also make this plan-level election for participants.
e Plan fiduciaries should consult with their ERISA counsel to ensure that the use of electronic media is appropriate for their
individual plans.
e Data will be submitted to us electronically via www.principal.com. Any non-electronic submissions in excess of
three in a calendar year will be considered during your next annual expense review and may result in an increase in
fees.
PCRP DC - R3 Choice MFN
Plan Number: 5-30408
Date generated: 09/18/2022
page 6 of 11Silk Screen Shirts, Inc.
Important information continued
e A Financial Professional or other third parties may receive compensation from Principal Life based on your
direction, until you notify us differently. Compensation paid to your Financial Professional may include sales
commission, referral fees, and/or servicing fees. The cost of this compensation may be directly or indirectly
reflected in the fees for products or investment options purchased for your plan. If you want information
regarding any Financial Professional compensation, please contact your Financial Professional for this
information.
e If Principal Life is paying compensation, the broker compensation scale may not be paid on all assets. Some
assets may be allocated to things the plan does not pay compensation on such as self-directed brokerage account
or employer stock. Your Financial Professional or the firm they are affiliated with, may receive other marketing
and/or service compensation from us or from an affiliate, or another entity through which business is placed.
Please see your Financial Professional for additional information.
e When directed to pay compensation to a Financial Professional is a registered representative, Principal Life will
pay the compensation to the registered representative's broker-dealer rather than to the registered
representative directly. The selling agreement that we have with a broker-dealer defines what products a
registered representative may sell and the compensation that we will pay to the broker-dealer. Under the terms
of our selling agreement with the broker-dealer, the amount of compensation, in basis points, that we pay on
different products or investment options sold to a customer may be the same/level or they may be different/non
level.
e For more information and specifics regarding how broker compensation is calculated, contact your Principal
Representative or refer to My Documents on www.principal.com.
e Investment information given or made available to you or your Financial Professional is representative of a
platform you or another plan fiduciary may select from or use to monitor investment alternatives and is not
individualized to the needs of any plan. Principal, and its affiliates and their employees have not and will not
undertake to provide you or your Financial Professional impartial investment advice or to give advice in a fiduciary
capacity, unless so indicated under a separate writing. As your service provider, at your direction, we'll provide
investment information to assist you and your Financial Professional (if applicable) with your fiduciary
responsibilities. You, or another appropriate plan fiduciary, may select a different platform (or set of investment
options) which may have an effect on pricing.
e The compensation Principal, as an entity, receives will vary based on investments you or your Financial
Professional chooses for your plan. We have detailed the amounts we receive from the various investments you
have chosen on your Fee Summary. Our financial interests in other investments available on our platforms may be
found on our website under the Investment tab on principal.com.
e Estimated Total Annual Plan Costs does not include such items as float, slippage/breakage, certain optional
services, participant transaction fees or other qualified plan expenses that may be incurred from other service
providers. Fees include Principal Trust Company Directed Trust Services or Custodial Services, if applicable.
e With respect to the establishment and operation of its separate accounts, Principal Life may receive financial
benefits as the result of the application of U.S. Tax law. There is no certainty from year to year what, if any, tax
benefits Principal Life will receive. Principal Life cannot provide a meaningful estimate of any tax benefit, if any,
that Principal Life may receive. Any such benefit, if received, is dependent on the U.S. tax laws, andisa
consequence of activity within a particular separate account. The possibility that Principal Life will receive any
financial benefits as a result of the application of U.S. tax laws to the activities of its separate accounts does not
influence the investment strategy of Principal Life.
PCRP DC - R3 Choice MFN
Plan Number: 5-30408
Date generated: 09/18/2022
page 7 of 11Silk Screen Shirts, Inc.
Footnotes
1 Average Participant Account Balance is determined by dividing Total Plan Assets at the time of determination
by the number of active participants annually. For annual repricing, Average Participant Account Balance is
defined as current assets being recordkept by Principal Life divided by the number of active participants at the
time of annual pricing.
2 Atffiliates of Principal Life may receive fees as the Investment Provider and/or the Investment Sub-Advisor for
certain investment options. These fees are reflected in this column. The term Investment Provider refers to
the providers (i.e. manufacturers) of the investment options we make available to employer-sponsored
retirement and savings plans. The Investment Provider may or may not be the same entity as the Investment
Manager or Sub-Advisor. Please see prospectus for the Investment Provider for mutual fund investment
options. Principal Life is the Investment Provider for all Separate Accounts and pays fees for sub-advisory
services to the Investment Manager or Sub-Advisor. When affiliates of Principal Life are both Investment
Provider and Recordkeeper, amounts in this column and the Revenue Sharing to Recordkeeper column are
determined based on internal allocation assumptions.
3 These are amounts Principal Life as Recordkeeper or an affiliate expects to receive in connection with the
services provided to your plan. In the case of mutual funds, these amounts, which include 12b-1 fees, are paid
from the mutual funds, including mutual funds provided by an affiliate of Principal Life. Any 12b-1 fees are
paid to Principal Securities, Inc. an affiliate of Principal Life. For investment options other than Separate
Accounts, these amounts are paid pursuant to contracts between the investment options and Principal Life or
its affiliates for services Principal Life or its affiliates provides to retirement plans on behalf of the investment
options. In the case of Separate Accounts, these are amounts that are retained by Principal Life, the
Investment Provider of the Separate Accounts, and are allocated to recordkeeping based on internal allocation
assumptions. The amounts received or retained are taken into consideration in setting the price for the
investment and service package and do not offset our fees on a dollar-for-dollar basis. For plans that have not
entered into a service agreement with Principal Life to provide recordkeeping services, these amounts are for
additional administrative and/or reporting services.
4 Total Investment Expense - Net; you will be responsible for this expense and it will be automatically taken
prior to calculating performance. Total Investment Expense Net is the Total Investment Expense Gross
expense ratio less any fee waivers, reimbursements or caps, if applicable. The expenses ratio, as a percentage
of net assets, includes applicable operating expenses, management fees, including 12b-1 fees, and
administrative fees.
5 Total expected fees paid through investment options are an estimate based on the expected amount for each
investment option as shown in the table. Fees actually paid through investment options will depend on the
investment options chosen for the plan and the value of plan assets directed to those investment options.
6 The appropriate plan fiduciary is responsible for choosing appropriate investment options for the plan and
ensuring that plan expenses are reasonable. A financial professional, assisting a plan sponsor with identifying
investment options for its retirement plan, needs to ensure they are making suitable recommendations for the
plan.
7 The plan without automatic features assumes an average deferral rate of 3.7% and employer matching
contribution of 100% up to 4% (for a total savings rate of 7.7%*). Participation rate is based on a sample** of
plans with services provided by the Principal Financial Group that do not use automatic features and assumes
that not all participants take advantage of the full match contribution. The plan with automatic features
assumes that 80%** of participants enroll in the plan at the 6% automatic deferral percentage with automatic
escalation of 1% up to 10% and the employer matching contribution is stretched to 50% up to 8% deferral
rate to encourage participants to take advantage of the escalation feature.
PCRP DC - R3 Choice MFN
Plan Number: 5-30408
Date generated: 09/18/2022
page 8 of 11Silk Screen Shirts, Inc.
Footnotes
* The average pre-tax salary deferral (including employee and employer contributions) among non-highly
compensated participants is 7.7%. Source: PSCA's 55th Annual Survey of Profit Sharing and 401(k) plans
(released in September 2012).
** Sample of 25,463 plans with services provided by the Principal Financial Group® using some combination of
automatic enrollment, automatic escalation, an employer contribution and online deferral changes available
for participants, as of 12/31/2012. Calculation compares difference between 46.52 percent with zero features
and 79.38 percent with four features.
8 Brightwork Partners' Supporting Retirement Savings Survey, Sept. 2013.
9 Total Plan Assets recordkept by The Principal is defined as transfer funds plus one year of deposits. For annual
pricing, Total Plan Assets are defined by assets at time of annual pricing.
PCRP DC - R3 Choice MFN
Plan Number: 5-30408
Date generated: 09/18/2022
pag9 eof 11Silk Screen Shirts, Inc.
Disclosures
Before investing in mutual funds, investors should carefully consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and
expenses of the funds. This and other information is contained in the free prospectus, which can be obtained from your
local representative or by contacting us at 1-800-547-7754. Please read the prospectus carefully before investing.
Before directing retirement funds to an investment option, investors should carefully consider the investment
objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the investment option if any as well as their individual risk tolerance, time
horizon and goals. For additional information contact us at 1-800-547-7754.
A mutual fund’s share price and investment return will vary with market conditions, and the principal value of an
investment when you sell your shares may be more or less than the original cost.
Equity investment options involve greater risk, including heightened volatility, than fixed-income investment options.
Fixed-income investment options are subject to interest rate risk, and their value will decline as interest rates rise.
Asset allocation does not guarantee a profit or protect against a loss. Investing in real estate, small-cap, international, and
high-yield investment options involves additional risks.
Specialty investment options may experience greater volatility than funds with a broader investment strategy due to sector
focus. These investment options are not intended to serve as a complete investment program by itself.
Fixed-income investment options are subject to interest rate risk, and their value will decline as interest rates rise. Neither the
principal of bond investment options nor their yields are guaranteed by the U.S. government.
International investing involves increased risks due to currency fluctuations, political or social instability, and differences in
accounting standards. REIT securities are subject to risk factors associated with the real estate industry and tax factors of REIT
registration.
Each index based investment option is invested in the stocks of the index it tracks. Performance of indices reflects the
unmanaged result for the market segment the selected stocks represent. There is no assurance an index based investment
option will match the performance of the index tracked. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
The Investment Manager or Sub-Advisor will display "Multiple Sub-Advisors" for certain target-date, target-risk and
specialty investment options where the assets are directed by the Investment Manager to multiple underlying
investment options. These underlying investment options may use multiple sub-advisors who are responsible for the
day-to-day management responsibilities
This Fee Summary assumes that all data is submitted electronically, including enrollment (via telephone, web site, or plan
sponsor may enter participant data online), salary deferrals, benefit events, employer contributions and loan payments. The
Internal Revenue Service (IRS) has issued regulations pertaining to the use of electronic media to provide notices to
participants, including former employees, beneficiaries, and alternate payees, and to receive the elections or consents from
those participants. The Department of Labor (DOL) has issued similar regulations and other guidance relating to the use of
electronic media to deliver summary plan descriptions, summaries of material modifications, summary annual reports,
participant benefit statements and other disclosure documents required to be provided under Title | of the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA). The appropriate plan fiduciary is responsible for ensuring compliance with
IRS and DOL regulations and guidance, including whether participants, including former employees, beneficiaries, and
alternate payees, have appropriate access to electronic media. We encourage you to contact your ERISA counsel to ensure
compliance with these regulations.
The appropriate plan fiduciary is responsible for choosing appropriate investment options for the plan and ensuring that plan
expenses are reasonable. A financial professional, assisting a plan sponsor with identifying investment options for their
retirement plan, needs to ensure they are making suitable recommendations for the plan. Please see the investment options
and returns insert for investment options available and total investment expense gross.
Principal Life and its affiliates may earn compensation in the form of short term interest (float) on such things as uncashed
distribution checks or amounts awaiting investment.
PCRP DC - R3 Choice MFN
Plan Number: 5-30408
Date generated: 09/18/2022
page 10 of 11Silk Screen Shirts, Inc.
Disclosures continued
With respect to the establishment and operation of its separate accounts, Principal Life may receive financial benefits as the
result of the application of U.S. tax law. There is no certainty from year to year what, if any, tax benefits Principal Life will
receive. Principal Life cannot provide a meaningful estimate of any tax benefit, if any, that Principal Life may receive. Any such
benefit, if received, is dependent on the U.S. tax laws, and is a consequence of activity within a particular separate account.
The possibility that Principal Life will receive any financial benefits as a result of the application of U.S. tax laws to the activities
of its separate accounts does not influence the investment strategy of Principal Life.
This Fee Summary takes into account payment from certain fund families as part of our agreement with the specific mutual
fund and/or its distributor. While these amounts do not offset our Fees on a dollar for dollar basis, we do take them into
consideration when we establish the rate of our Fees. The return from the investment you have chosen is not diminished as a
result of the payment of these amounts to Principal Life or Principal Securities.
Principal Trust Company® is a trade name of Delaware Charter Guarantee & Trust Company, a member company of the
Principal Financial Group.
Insurance products and plan administrative services are provided by Principal Life Insurance Company. Principal mutual funds
are part of the Principal Funds, Inc. series. Principal Funds, Inc. is distributed by Principal Funds Distributor, Inc. Securities sold
or services offered by a Principal Securities Registered Representative are offered through Principal Securities, Inc.,
800-547-7754, member SIPC and/or independent brokers/dealers. Principal Funds Distributor, Principal Securities and
Principal Life are members of the Principal Financial Group®, Des Moines, [A 50392. Certain investment options may not be
available in all states or U.S. commonwealths.
Wilshire Advisors LLC ("Wilshire") is an investment adviser registered with the SEC. Wilshire® is a registered service
mark of Wilshire Advisors LLC, Santa Monica, California. All other trade names, trademarks, and /or service marks are the
property of their respective holders.
Wilshire is not an affiliate of any member company of the Principal Financial Group®.
Principal Life does not act as an ERISA 3(21) fiduciary under the Wilshire-provided 3(21) Auto Execute fiduciary service.
This proposal assumes use of the Wilshire ERISA 3(21) Select List of investment options which represent a limited selection of
the total universe of investment options made available by Principal Life Insurance Company. Additional investment options
are available upon request. For more information regarding these investment limitations, refer to the Investment Fiduciary
Support and Services Terms and Conditions document.
PCRP DC - R3 Choice MFN
Plan Number: 5-30408
Date generated: 09/18/2022
page 11 of 11
